# Detect-LAM-generated-Multimedia-Survey

This repository contains a collection of resources and papers on ***Detecting Multimedia Generated by Large AI Models: A Survey***

Please let us know if you find out a mistake or have any suggestions by e-mail: ll45@iu.edu, shu3@iu.edu

If you find our survey useful for your research, please cite the following paper:

```
@article{Detect-LAM-Survey,
    title={Detecting Multimedia Generated by Large AI Models: A Survey},
    author={Staff},
    year={2023},
    journal={},
    url={}
}
```
## Contents
- [Introductory Papers](https://github.com/Purdue-M2/Detect-LAM-generated-Multimedia-Survey/blob/main/README.md#introductory-papers)

## Introductory
### Papers

**A survey of large language models** \
*Zhao, Wayne Xin and others* \
arXiv 2023. [Paper]()

**Large-scale artificial intelligence models** \
*Lin, Hsiao-Ying* \
IEEE Computer Society 2023. [Paper]()

**Multimodal foundation models: From specialists to general-purpose assistants** \
*Li, Chunyuan and others* \
arXiv 2023. [Paper]()

**Large ai models in health informatics: Applications, challenges, and the future** \
*Qiu, Jianing and others* \
IEEE Journal of Biomedical and Health Informatics 2023. [Paper]()

**On the educational impact of chatgpt: Is artificial intelligence ready to obtain a university degree?** \
*Malinka, Kamil and others* \
Proceedings of the 2023 Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education V. 1 2023. [Paper]()

**ChatGPT: The end of online exam integrity?** \
*Susnjak, Teo* \
Proceedings of the 2023 Conference on Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education V. 1 2022. [Paper]()

**ChatCAD+: Towards a Universal and Reliable Interactive CAD using LLMs** \
*Zhao, Zihao and others* \
arXiv 2023. [Paper]()

**Xraygpt: Chest radiographs summarization using medical vision-language models** \
*Thawkar, Omkar and others* \
arXiv 2023. [Paper]()

**Generative AI is here: How tools like ChatGPT could change your business** \
*Chui, Michael and others* \
Quantum Black AI by McKinsey 2022. [Paper]()

**An Autoethnographic Case Study of Generative Artificial Intelligence's Utility for Accessibility** \
*Glazko, Kate S and others* \
Proceedings of the 25th International ACM SIGACCESS Conference on Computers and Accessibility 2023. [Paper]()

**An Autoethnographic Case Study of Generative Artificial Intelligence's Utility for Accessibility** \
*Glazko, Kate S and others* \
Proceedings of the 25th International ACM SIGACCESS Conference on Computers and Accessibility 2023. [Paper]()

**Generative AI: Here to stay, but for good?** \
*S&aelig;tra, Henrik Skaug* \
Elsevier. Technology in Society 2023. [Paper]()

**The Implication of Generative Artificial Intelligence towards Intellectual Property Rights (Examining the Multifaceted Implications of Generative Artificial Intelligence on Intellectual Property Rights)** \
*Napitupulu, Priscilla Auleader and others* \
West Science Law and Human Rights 2023. [Paper]()

**The Social Impact of Generative AI: An Analysis on ChatGPT** \
*Baldassarre, Maria Teresa and others* \
Proceedings of the 2023 ACM Conference on Information Technology for Social Good 2023. [Paper]()


### Articles

**Designing Generative AI to Work for People with Disabilities** \
*Laurie Henneborn* \
2023. [Article](http://tinyurl.com/mrfcrs94)

